docs(framework): Update `how-to-design-stateful-clients` guide to the `Message API` (#5924)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/how-to-design-stateful-clients.rst

When a ``ClientApp`` is executed it receives a Context_. This context is unique for each
``ClientApp``, meaning that subsequent executions of the same ``ClientApp`` from the
same node will receive the same ``Context`` object. In the ``Context``, the ``.state``
attribute (of type RecordDict_) can be used to store information that you would like the
``ClientApp`` to have access to for the duration of the run. This could be anything from
intermediate results such as the history of training losses (e.g. as a list of ``float``
values with a new entry appended each time the ``ClientApp`` is executed), certain parts
of the model that should persist on the client side, or some other arbitrary Python
objects. These items would need to be serialized before saving them into the context.

Saving metrics to the context
-----------------------------

This section will demonstrate how to save metrics such as accuracy/loss values to the
Context_ so they can be used in subsequent executions of the ``ClientApp``.

Let's begin with a simple setting in which ``ClientApp`` is defined as follows. The

> ``train()`` function only generates a random number and prints it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``train()`` function only generates a random number, prints it, and return an empty message.
```

    This means that you can save to it not just MetricRecord_ as in the example below,
    but also ArrayRecord_ and ConfigRecord_ objects.

.. code-block:: python

    import random

    # Flower ClientApp
    app = ClientApp()

    @app.train()
    def train(msg: Message, context: Context):
        """Train the model on local data."""

        # Generate a random integer between 0 and 10
        n = random.randint(0, 10)
        print(n)

        record_name = "random-metrics"
        metric_name = "random-ints"

        # Append to list in context or initialize if it doesn't exist
        if record_name not in context.state:
            # Initialize MetricRecord in state
            context.state[record_name] = MetricRecord({metric_name: []})
        # Append to record
        context.state[record_name][metric_name].append(n)

        # Print history
        print(context.state.metric_records)

If you run a Flower App including the above logic in your ``ClientApp`` and having just
two clients in your federation sampled in each round, you'll see an output similar to
the one below. See how after each round the ``random-metrics`` record in the ``Context``

> gets one additional integer? Note that the order in which the clients log these
> messages might differ slightly between rounds.

Reviewer: Do you mean this?
```suggestion
gets one additional integer? Note that, in Simulation Runtime, the order of log messages may change each round due to the random ordering of simulated clients.
```

.. code-block:: python

>     import random

Reviewer: May I know why deleting the imports?

Author: i'll bring them back

    # Flower ClientApp
    app = ClientApp()

    @app.train()
    def train(msg: Message, context: Context):
        """Train the model on local data."""

        # Generate a random integer between 0 and 10
        n = random.randint(0, 10)

>         print(n)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        print(n)
        return Message(RecordDict(), reply_to=msg)
```

> With the minimal ``ClientApp`` above, each time a ``Message`` is addressed to this
> ``train`` function a new random integer will be generated and printed. Let's say we want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the minimal ``ClientApp`` above, each time a ``Message`` is addressed to this
``train`` function, a new random integer will be generated and printed. Let's say we want
```

to save that randomly generated integer and append it to a list that persists in the

> ``Context`` so, each time this ``ClientApp`` function is executed, it prints the history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Context``. This way, each time the function executes,, it prints the history
```

of random integers. Let's see how this looks in code:

.. tip::

    Recall, the ``state`` attribute of a ``Context`` object is of type RecordDict_,
    which is a special dictionary for different types of records available in Flower.
    This means that you can save to it not just MetricRecord_ as in the example below,
    but also ArrayRecord_ and ConfigRecord_ objects.

.. code-block:: python

>     import random

Reviewer: Same question as above. I think we can remove all imports for this block if we include all of them in the block above.

    # Flower ClientApp
    app = ClientApp()

    @app.train()
    def train(msg: Message, context: Context):
        """Train the model on local data."""

        # Generate a random integer between 0 and 10
        n = random.randint(0, 10)
        print(n)

        record_name = "random-metrics"

>         metric_name = "random-ints"

Reviewer: Should we move them to module-level, and perhaps define as constants?

Author: I think it's better if there are no elements defined outside the @app decorators

Reviewer: But they are constants, right? To me it makes more sense to move it to outside as they won't change across rounds. Wdyt? Is it still generally a bad behaviour?

        # Append to list in context or initialize if it doesn't exist

>         if record_name not in context.state:
>             # Initialize MetricRecord in state
>             context.state[record_name] = MetricRecord({metric_name: [n]})
>         else:
>             # Append to record
>             context.state[record_name][metric_name].append(n)

Reviewer: Wdyt?
```suggestion
        if record_name not in context.state:
            # Initialize MetricRecord in state
            context.state[record_name] = MetricRecord({metric_name: []})
        # Append to record
        context.state[record_name][metric_name].append(n)
```

        # Print history

>         print(context.state.metric_records)

Reviewer: Better to have a working code snippet. All registered callbacks must return a Message.

```suggestion
        print(context.state.metric_records)
        return Message(RecordDict(), reply_to=msg)
```

If you run a Flower App including the above logic in your ``ClientApp`` and having just
two clients in your federation sampled in each round, you'll see an output similar to
the one below. See how after each round the ``random-metrics`` record in the ``Context``
gets one additional integer? Note that the order in which the ``ClientApp`` logs these

> messages might differ slightly between rounds.

Reviewer: Am I understanding correctly here?
```suggestion
gets one additional integer? Note that, in Simulation Runtime, the order of log messages may change each round due to the random ordering of simulated clients.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    # round 1

>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [2]}}
>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [7]}}

Reviewer: Evil underscores 😈 
```suggestion
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [2]}}
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [7]}}
```

    # round 2

>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [2, 5]}}
>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [7, 4]}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [2, 5]}}
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [7, 4]}}
```

    # round 3

>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [2, 5, 1]}}
>     config_records={'random_metrics': {'random-ints': [7, 4, 2]}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [2, 5, 1]}}
    config_records={'random-metrics': {'random-ints': [7, 4, 2]}}
```

Saving model parameters to the context
--------------------------------------

Using ConfigRecord_ or MetricRecord_ to save "simple" components is fine (e.g., float,
integer, boolean, string, bytes, and lists of these types. Note that MetricRecord_ only
supports float, integer, and lists of these types). Flower has a specific type of

> record, an ArrayRecord_, for storing model parameters or more generally data arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
record, an ArrayRecord_, for storing model parameters, or more generally, data arrays.
```
